INSTALLATION
To download this project use git clone
as normal. Then run the command
git submodule update --recursive --init,
this will recursively download
the submodules this repository requires
such as SimpleRender and SimpleMath.

Due to bugs in the git Submodule implementation
you have to use SSH, however for most
people who would even want to fork
this repo that's probably a good idea.


HOW TO BUILD

First you have to build the SimpleRender
library. To do this, go into lib/SimpleRender
and type the command make BUILD=DEBUG.

This creates the file sr.a in the build folder.
Copy or move this file from the build folder
into the build folder for the game project.

Then to build the game itself, run
make BUILD=DEBUG.

This should create an executable called "app".
Now when running the game make sure to run it
from the build directory so that it can find the
game assets and shaders it needs.

If the build directory doesn't have a shaders
folder you can copy directly from the
SimpleRender folder.

LINUX

All the build instructions should work as normal
on any linux system, simply ensure that Freetype
and the Vulkan SDK are installed using the package
manager of your system.

WINDOWS

This project is buildable in MSYS2 which is what
was used during development, however it requires
additional steps.

You need to include Freetype, and then dynamically
link GLFW, Freetype, Vulkan, as well as the
standard library through gdi and gccseh.

Once you do that, you need to include the Freetype
DLL in your game folder. You also need to
include Freetype's dependencies due to an issue
with the Freetype DLL not being fully linked.

You can also attempt to use MSVC or Cross compile
however I have not tried that and there are no
garuntees it is possible. This project was written
using C17 compilers, however it should be compilant
with C99 as it uses VLAs and Structure dot initilization.


------------------------------------------------------

Hopefully future versions will fix this but currently
this project is not being actively maintained since
I have school.


